morning code hi we're here the bathroom
because we're here to test a theory that
if you keep pressure on these two tips
of an egg it won't break and then is a
real leg it's tense rakes you will
believe us yep if it doesn't break we'll
break it anyway yeah guys are so yeah
okay and we had to do this in the
message on her mom and dad won't let us
do this outside I have to roll with
anything so we have to do this over
something and the best helps you like
the best Eddie it and it doesn't break
for you i can yell okay you were get
this on camera it's not breaking so
picking against game feel like I'm like
I did you make sure do you only apply it
to don't go to sign at all oh my gosh
it's no freaking is so hard to get here
there's not even a single crack in it oh
this is one ok that's her words me oh I
just nice oh no you're not gonna be
asleep ok but Richard Kemp constancy get
rid of this handy we go in the back yeah
I'm we are applying a lot of pressure
and I'll prove it next time when i'll
show you my guide fingers ya know
working my god Red Alert the old metal
in your hands in the way
ah good news I don't see how that's not
breaking glass gonna break now cuz
you're not applying it to the very top
if I am oh my god Wow but they're so
easy to break otherwise I'm gonna break
it in no come on we gotta at least try
harder no would have been good idea what
any one of those tools in each slide zit
your hands on the way your hands on the
way your hands in the way let's try both
of our both of ours my dad sending 157
ready sick oh oh oh I almost went over
to the side faster I don't even do it I
think that we should just break it no no
okay once the video hits three minutes
there's only like 20 seconds let's knock
it down won't break it down break your
stupid egg can you turn you try and then
I want we will forget fit him no no I
know how to break it an imperfect way we
just gonna order I know what we do
enough right here and you smack down a
hand okay okay okay ready for ya okay
time to break the egg one up security
okay it's on the screen 12 how's it
working oh my god you're stupid egg I
don't think it's pick it out covered it
like this
well it about every time your job please
give you a soft spot this is fun here we
go again watch stupid eggs they're gone
I feel like so so massive okay it will
break out of that okay okay yeah we're
gonna break it either way oh oh my god I
have to be going to hit hey we all the
eggshell yes yeah really how did you
touch my hair with it yet yeah no i said
i'll be making a mess up there oh it
sounds like a brush me off your hand
turn off the camera all free did you
leave a mess up there